they're in a good morning I've battled
against drama by front of the smoke on
Wi-Fi chair I'm gonna stay for the
battle starts my challenge to get killed
every Pokemon will start when 6th gen
comes out in October so I'm gonna be
warm ups Levin getting back another game
and here we go this battle is simply
titled why in the name of do I
still play this game one battle this
week and he does have a sub i use
protect and i'm not worried about that
because after now he's gonna snatch the
plan correct i'm just gonna roar my
anyway so it's not only a big deal and I
sarcastically told him I was just I was
like I was like a good luck when reality
hope you miss everything smiley face and
he's like thanks so I was like I was
joking but you know all right i mean i
mean if you took it that weight and
that's fine I how does but yeah he turns
out now I'm not worried about that at
all Madonna fan I take that like
a god damn warrior none of this beast
action he's a warrior ok I get
rocks up I know I'm gonna want those
especially first of like nine tails and
it this had a sash then this as well but
I go back into my mahi Tran and he's
gonna sleep out of me I'm not worried
about that I feel like because he asleep
Potter he's got hidden power ice a
sludge bomb Shadow Ball and leaf storm
so you can't do much means I'm not
trying to break out of their the roar
but I'm fast asleep so it's one turn
asleep that sucks I know I can have a
close comment from the same because my
he trained as bulky as and as you
know he's taking that like a warrior and
I live with 64 I try and get Aurora off
once again but I am fast asleep so I go
for a protect but I get a three turn
sleep here the deadly three turns sleep
and it's it's going to be the end of
heat rent so I die he's close combat
minus whatever so is what it is I could
have done fan try and scare him away
with him with a little ice shard action
and he goes into Rosa which interesting
for taking ice shard but I roar him out
i don't have ice shard and yeah at the
end of this match at the conclusion of
it I was like he's like yeah was a
scrubber so I kind of need her team so
like why would you tell me that that's
yeah I gotta create with
sucks royally because now is makes my
donphan fodder herbal as both to having
like 250 HP left or more than that I
could have no had left him for Savior
let I could have not need to let let him
die but that Creek killed my entire
strategy with donphan so that happens be
I was like why would you tell me you
knew my team was now I was gonna be
bitter about it but that's funny I guess
you knew who I wasn't the Wi-Fi chat him
when he challenged me knew my team was
so that's what ever he goes discovery
and I'm gonna take I'm gonna taunt
hoping two outs they're not hoping on
speed I was hoping you think I'm scarfed
at the time I didn't know he knew my
team was a at the end of the match he
told me after it's already over so I
hurricane him a look all right let's
that's not bad i'll i'll i'll try and
finish him off with a superpower I
didn't want to risk missing hurricane I
figured a superpower is just going to
take him out but it's not the case at
all and then after i'm at minus-2
defense now and he's gonna brave bird me
in my eternity this is gonna die that's
hoping to bring skarmory with me but
then he lives at six so i got three turn
to sleep i got the crit i got the hidden
living at six and it's just Jesus why
but there's more i promise you i go to
thunder fist and he switches out and
he's gonna go into latias actually good
for me Caillou charged me hoping someone
because it happened I could get a boost
than him with Shadow Ball but I'm a miss
so that's unfortunate at this point I
had was just hoping praying about
killed us but already had two left
luckily it does but again charge being
so clear the grid well to get charged me
miss was pretty demoralizing I'm not
gonna lie he goes into sligon and I know
he's scarf he's obviously so I'm gonna
switch out hoping and saving my jolteon
for later rounds like going my
milotic which can tank everything it's
true story yeah it's going to do to me
about 200 so I can have another
earthquake but actually this time you
picked me to use ice beam who's checking
for the ice beam I like no no no no no
I'm just going to recover up that damage
hoping you would try and check for the
ice beam exactly happens that play work
too
fection if only the rest of the match
went according to this plan that'd be
perfect those back into this and now I
know if I can just tank this as well
because I'm max special defense it's a
fact and since healing he's only scarf
he's gonna probably if after one leaves
when he's going to kill me he's trying
to take three weeks or him to kill me
maybe more he's gonna sledge about me
trying to get me low enough early storm
will kill me so get one turn asleep
which is unfortunate but it's only do
like 60 damage meters on a big deal and
then I'm gonna go for two terms of sleep
here I'm I can wake up he recover anyway
so the guy okay well he's just
gonna usually thermally die aren't I
maybe I'll wake up may be nice if I woke
up cuz I know I could probably live like
I said a mac special defense I'm a tank
I am I'm gonna wake up right no no he
could speak again so that's at that
point I was like well that would
but what the hell do i do but go back in
the Thunder fist I know I'm fashion it
now oh yeah I know I'm a passionate now
because he's clearly not scarfed at this
point I realize okay he's got pride
focus that I hidden power eyes hoping to
go in a flag out but he kind of
predicted that so that's unfortunate the
nine tails is going to die to my
thunderbolt there's no way around that
as thunder faces dropping the hammer
because he's right guys a warrior
bringing that wording in the community
little bit flygon is going to be the
death of jolteon I don't know what I was
hoping for but the combination is the
crits in the long sleep time it was just
really unfortunate and just makes me
want to fight somebody in real life no
it doesn't meant that investment scheme
but I'll just hoping I could do
something with bullet seed and
technician and yada yada yada I should
have probably put him asleep if I put
him to sleep i'll probably had a better
chance of one of this but i didn't I
mean he had natural care anyway we had
to switch out and just whatever but if I
usually part of that turn I might been a
lot i mighta one this unfortunately
because of my shoddy play i once again
lose I was tilting but it's all I got
like I don't care and I shouldn't
have the mentality I should have gone
all the way through kept going but I was
tilting that's unfortunate but I do lose
match i think it was last free postage
channel that's unfortunate ya do
challenge when i start up when six jen
comes out hoping to this video rate
comment and subscribe and I'll see all
of you guys next time pays